Add option to load font through base64 string (#65)
Pomax/Font.js: README.md

myFont.src = `./fonts/SourceCodeVariable-Roman.otf.woff2`;
```

> You can also pass a base64 string. In that case, you'll have to pass the filename as well, so the font type can de deducted from the extension:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass in a file directly, e.g. using the [HTML Drag and Drop API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTML_Drag_and_Drop_API). In that case, you'll need to pass the original filename explicity, so that the type of font can be determined from the extension:
```

```js
const myFont = new Font(`Adobe Source Code Pro`);

// Grab file frop drop event or file upload
const file = e.target.files[0];

// Use FileReader to convert the file it to base64
const reader = new FileReader();

> reader.readAsDataURL(file);

Reviewer: Let's keep the data binary rather than converting to base64, since it'll end up in a binary [DataView](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/DataView) anyway.
```suggestion
reader.readAsArrayBuffer(file);
```
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FileReader/readAsArrayBuffer

Author: This doesn't work with `fetch` in `loadFont`. What'd be the best way to handle that?

Reviewer: get the body as buffer: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Body/arrayBuffer
